Oh
torah is oniy hope it's not Joe Hall
Oates I co- your opponent I give up you
see this today we have some special news
for you guys and I hope you enjoy
honestly like yesterday we release new
trailer Kingdom past three things we
were excited excited to show in that
video where some of Sora's Keyblade
transformations I am very happy to say
that all the weights in the game are
going to have special transformation and
each event will be totally different
from the next we're also delighted to
see the positive reaction to the
attraction flow attacks and these are
things of some of our favorite
attractions oh they look like the tongue
lips there are all real time Jackson you
can activate oh I know where the
conditions look at the two cubs you can
do to life around I'm sure you do too so
I made sure that the development team in
japan well include ones but i guess
obviously that they do
I believe yes III we will see the really
special message for Roy Cohn me who
produced the Jews tangled and as he said
that revealed with 12 stuff first many
surprises the creative collaboration
sorry it's over 6 was coming for disney
infinity I think that's what he said
Oh No
send Franco feeling we all agree the big
hero 6 the fascinating world especially
takes many Japanese elements and
incorporates them into the field it's a
relatively new film just won an Academy
Award and is filled with
state-of-the-art technology so it was a
perfect fit Kim the palace happy or
content instead she is director no
lubricant Sarah in our family insisted
on what they do for our team canada owns
the father of the man emerged from death
but I decide to commemorate a special
announcement of charge
mas que nada de ganas y menos que lo das
de votar in open sarita horizontal
bebexo salsa de caracol mousikova thomas
risky if the antagonist and kingdom
hearts were to use the powers of
darkness to manipulate the original
lalala max
hahaha be bowed to the pan you happy
here says my height and heartbreak you
can't find out I things can really suck
here on stage must n scale from 1 to 10
I'm cycad whatever your time I feel
better now than be free we reveal the
world based on tackle we were fortunate
enough to have special message from Roy
public who produced the film as your
protocol program now Roy is also the
juice of big hero 6 and he is another
special message for everyone let's take
a look hello Disney and kingdom hearts
fans it feels like just yesterday that
we let the cat out of the bag and
announced that tangle would be featured
in Kingdom Hearts 3 it is an honor for
me today to announce to the world that
now big hero 6 will also featured in
Kingdom Hearts 3 as we know San
fransokyo is a great representation of
two amazing cities Tokyo in San
Francisco and now we have teams both in
Japan and the United States working on
letter to those two great cities big
hero 6 is such a special moment for me
and we always make sure that each action
sequence had a very special meeting the
themes in Kingdom Hearts and big hero 6
match very well for instance there's
friendship really important to both
stories and then of course light over
darkness the story will take place after
the events of the phone after hero and
the gang are formed a heroic team not
only will this allow us to explore all
the adventures focused on great action
but we'll also get to see payment I hope
you guys are as excited as we are
great announcement after thorne answered
a whole new adventure these are favorite
team of Heroes that's pretty excited hi
bb hero sister havaianas indeed
diagnosticar i had similar hey guys no
harm innocents died of oil fire he wants
to make it dirty masseur we have many
more surprises in kingdom hearts 3 but I
hope you enjoy the reveal a big hero 6
today the development is working hard to
make sure this man he can exceed the
expectations of our balance all
throughout the world and with that we'd
like to enter presentation thank you so
much
I